W-16153294 Adding Execute excel macro AS (#409)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-builder/6.7/modules/ROOT/pages/toolbox-excel-operations-execute-excel-macro.adoc

= Execute Excel Macro 

Run a macro in an Excel file or sheet. You can specify and pass up to 30 variables to the macro.

> 

Reviewer: We should add the info, that this action step can only be placed outside of the Excel Session and needs an Microsoft Excel installation on the system to function. Both facts different from the previous Excel Action Steps.
When running, the action step will check and throw an error if no Excel application installation was found.

== Properties

* *Common* 
+
See xref:common-properties.adoc[Common Properties] for a description.  

> * *Excel Operation Settings*

Reviewer: This whole setting can be removed (line 11-15), will also be removed in the action step. Was placed there by error from inheriting from the base class while developing.

** *Sheet name* 
+
Name of the sheet from which to read the value. 

* *Source Excel Operation Settings*
** *Directory path* 
+
Directory path to the source file. 
** *Macro* 
+
The macro to run. 
** *Password protected* 
+
Indicates whether the Excel file is password protected. 
+
If you select this option, specify the password in the wizard. 
** *Source file name* 
+
Name of the source file.

== Inbound Variables 

* *Macro* 
* *Directory path* 
* *Source file name* 
* *Password for the excel file* 
* *{Arg1} replaced by* ... *{Arg30} replaced by*
* *Is Arg1 used* ... *Is Arg30 used*

> * *Sheet name*

Reviewer: This line can also be removed, see previous comment.

= Execute Excel Macro 

> Run a macro in an Excel file or sheet. You can specify and pass up to 30 variables to the macro.

Reviewer 2: The short description should summarize the topic and give the user value.

Reviewer 2: https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/x/5LmeBw

> Do not include this action step inside an Excel Session, Execute Excel Macro runs independently. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Don’t include this action step inside an Excel Session; the Execute Excel Macro runs independently. 
```

Reviewer 2: Global: Should action step be init cap?

> Execute Excel Macro requires Microsoft Excel installed on the computer that runs the automation. Otherwise, the action step fails to execute. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Execute Excel Macro requires Microsoft Excel installed on the computer that runs the automation. Otherwise, the action step fails to execute. 
```

Author: Adding the article would also require to add "action step" at the end, e.g: "The Execute Excel Macro action step...". I refer to the action step by its name to make the text shorter.

== Before You Begin

Before using this action step, ensure that: 

> * Microsoft Excel is installed on the computer that runs the automation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Microsoft Excel is installed on the computer that runs the automation.
```

> == Properties

Reviewer 2: I wonder if these should be tables since they're reference content.

Reviewer 2: Make sure all descriptions are parallel and remove periods if none are complete sentences.

* *Common* 
+

> See xref:common-properties.adoc[Common Properties] for a description.  

Reviewer 2: hard-coded link text?

* *Source Excel Operation Settings*
** *Directory path* 
+
Directory path to the source file. 
** *Macro* 
+
The macro to run. 
** *Password protected* 
+
Indicates whether the Excel file is password protected. 
+
If you select this option, specify the password in the wizard. 
** *Source file name* 
+
Name of the source file.

== Inbound Variables 

* *Macro* 
* *Directory path* 
* *Source file name* 
* *Password for the excel file* 
* *{Arg1} replaced by* ... *{Arg30} replaced by*
* *Is Arg1 used* ... *Is Arg30 used*

== Outbound Variables 

* *Result* 
+
Result of the macro's execution.
* *Executed* (Boolean)
+
Returns `true` if the execution of the macro was successful.

== Wizard 

Specify the *Directory path* and *File name* of the Excel file that contains the macro to run.

After specifying the file, select the macro to run from the *Macro* dropdown menu. This list autopopulates with the macros existing in the specified Excel file. 

> You can specify up to 30 variables to pass to the macro as arguments by selecting the corresponding checkbox and setting their value. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can pass up to 30 variables as arguments to the macro by selecting the corresponding checkbox and setting the value. 
```
